let's see what this ex trucker can do an
eating experience you must try steaks
local project chicken dishes duck
lampshades lovely all food is freshly
cut hello Michelle nice to see your
blouse matches the wallpaper I feel like
I'm tripping out never touch this stuff
but I feel like just swallow the name
holy crap compared to the hideous
wallpaper the menu is very attractive
simple freshly cooked food on paper it
looks delicious spoonful of gravy
Richard meaty it's court play a lot of
them say it's the best of that so it
can't be that bad
first up mixed house special duck with
orange sauce [ __ ] me do I need
sunglasses what is that source I think
maybe it's the orange squash uses did
you really say orange squash it looks
like someone's dropped a [ __ ] lemon
tart on my plate gives it color oh [ __ ]
me Jesus Christ that's worse than
[ __ ] bendlin next up is the lamb
shank full of lamb shanks okay excellent
thank you there's local lamb they're
actually vacuum packs ones actually they
can last for about a year just say that
again
that they're bought in their vacuum
packed the lamb shanks and they've
actually got a life shelf of about a
year and they don't have to be kept
refrigerated
holy [ __ ] yep
so where has that been hanging around
it's just in a box they're kept in a box
in a hot kitchen yeah I've got to tell
the truth like I respect almost fear
well [ __ ] me that's the first time I'm
not gonna taste it that's fine
oh [ __ ] that might just be the worst
food I've ever come across
the juggler who made it could be beyond
my help
hello in 21 years of [ __ ] cooking
I've never ever refused to taste the
dish and when the lamb shank arrived on
the table I got told that it has a shelf
life of 12 months doesn't need
refrigerating and dad didn't cook it how
in the [ __ ] can you charge 11 pounds for
that tell me most perps round it all use
the same sort of system Mick you're
running a Bistro where's the lamb shank
that's his famous lamb stone Mick what
in the [ __ ] is inside the lamb shank and
how long has that been cooked for for a
dish never to be refrigerated
that's all chemicals chemicals he number
two b613 for six to seven e 262
thickener e for one 5e for 112 do you
feel like having a [ __ ] thank [ __ ] I
didn't eat it
sugar flavorings color e15 OD spices
emulsifier e 3 to 2 yeast extract
come on me [ __ ] me I'm surprised you
haven't [ __ ] killed off half the
population accountant